I'm calling about the CARES Act
The law says that I'm owed this.
I was sick.
We have been sick for a long time - about two months.
My husband lost his job
I got covid.
My mother died of virus
Everyone in my family had coronavirus
The dependent got SARS-CoV-2
She got SARS
I came down with pneumonia
The pandemic ruined my business
I can't work because of pandemic
The test showed I was positive
Father has symptoms of virus.
They gave me the booster but I was still out of work.
He's been in the hospital for over a week and was laid-off from this job.
Can't work since the outbreak 
I'm quarantined and cannot work
He's self-isolated and can't work.
Despite being vaccinated, I still got the virus.
I asked about mortgage forbearance, and they treated me like I was asking for a unicorn loan.
Hi, I’ve been impacted by COVID-19, and my income has drastically reduced. Is there any way to temporarily adjust my mortgage payments?
I lost my job due to pandemic-related layoffs. Can we discuss options for deferring my credit card payments until I find new employment?
My small business has suffered during the lockdowns, and I need assistance with my business loan. Can we explore flexible repayment terms?
I’m a healthcare worker on the frontlines, and my hours have increased significantly. Can we adjust my auto loan payment schedule?
My elderly parents are struggling financially because of the pandemic. Can we waive the overdraft fees on their account this month?
I’ve been quarantined and unable to visit a branch. Can you guide me through setting up online banking to manage my accounts remotely?
My travel plans were canceled due to COVID-19 travel restrictions. Can we discuss refunding the foreign transaction fees on my credit card?
I’m concerned about the safety of in-person banking. Can you explain the security measures for using mobile banking and ATMs during this time?
My credit score has been affected by pandemic-related financial stress. Can we explore options to improve it, considering the circumstances?
I’ve been a loyal customer for years, but the pandemic has hit my family hard. Can we review my account for any relief programs or fee waivers? 
Hello, I’ve been impacted by the pandemic, and I’m wondering if there are any relief programs under the CARES Act that can help with my mortgage payments.
My small business has suffered due to COVID-19. Can you guide me on accessing the Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) loans provided by the CARES Act?
I’ve heard about the Economic Impact Payments (stimulus checks) from the CARES Act. How can I check the status of my payment or resolve any issues?
I’m a gig worker, and my income has drastically decreased. Are there any unemployment benefits available under the CARES Act that I can apply for?
I need assistance with my student loan payments. Can you provide information on the CARES Act provisions related to student loan forbearance?
My retirement account has taken a hit during the pandemic. Are there any provisions in the CARES Act that allow penalty-free withdrawals or loans from my 401(k)?
I’m a landlord, and my tenants are struggling to pay rent. Can you explain how the CARES Act eviction moratorium affects rental property owners?
I’ve fallen behind on credit card payments. Is there any relief available under the CARES Act to avoid late fees or interest charges?
My health expenses have increased due to COVID-19. Can you provide details on the CARES Act provisions related to health savings accounts (HSAs)?
I’m a self-employed individual. How can I benefit from the expanded unemployment assistance provided by the CARES Act?
Hello, I’ve been impacted by the pandemic, and my income has drastically reduced. Can we discuss options for extending my mortgage forbearance?
I'm struggling, and I need an extension on my loan repayment. Can we explore mitigation measures to avoid default?
Due to unexpected medical bills, I’m falling behind on my credit card payments. Can we discuss a temporary extension to avoid foreclosure?
I’ve lost my job, and my auto loan payments are becoming unmanageable. Can we explore forbearance options to prevent repossession?
My elderly parents are facing foreclosure due to missed mortgage payments. Can we request a moratorium while they recover financially?
I’m a gig worker, and my income fluctuates. Can we discuss flexible repayment terms for my personal loan during this uncertain time?
My student loan payments are overwhelming. Can we explore an extension or alternative repayment plan to ease the burden?
I’m a homeowner facing foreclosure. Can we discuss a loan modification or other options to keep my home?
My credit card debt has escalated due to job loss. Can we negotiate an extension or settlement to avoid legal action?
I’ve been impacted by a natural disaster, and my home equity line of credit is at risk. Can we request a temporary moratorium?
Hello, I’ve been battling cancer, and my medical bills are piling up. Can we discuss options for adjusting my loan payments during this challenging time?
I recently underwent surgery, and my recovery period has affected my income. Is there any way to temporarily modify my credit card due dates?
My spouse is in the hospital, and I need assistance with our joint account. Can you guide me through accessing funds or adjusting automatic bill payments?
Due to my chronic illness, I’ve incurred unexpected expenses. Can we explore a short-term overdraft extension to cover essential costs?
I’m a caregiver for my elderly parent, and their medical bills are straining our finances. Can we discuss a hardship program or fee waivers?
My disability prevents me from working, and I’m struggling to meet mortgage payments. Can we review options under the CARES Act or other relief programs?
I’ve been hospitalized, and my credit score has taken a hit. Can you provide guidance on rebuilding credit during recovery?
My child’s ongoing medical treatments have impacted our budget. Can we adjust our home equity line of credit terms temporarily?
I’m dealing with post-surgery complications, and managing finances has become overwhelming. Can we set up alerts or reminders for bill payments?
My health condition requires frequent doctor visits. Can you help me streamline online banking features for easier account management?